JSDK-3007 - Updating README and CHANGELOG about TypeScript Changes (#1276)
twilio/twilio-video.js: CHANGELOG.md

- Enabled discontinuous transmission (DTX) in the Opus audio codec by default, which
  will result in bandwidth and CPU savings during silence and background noise. You
  can control this feature using the ConnectOptions property `preferredAudioCodecs`. (JSDK-3022)

  ```js
  const { connect } = require('twilio-video');

  // Disable DTX for Opus.
  connect('token', {
    preferredAudioCodecs: [{ codec: 'opus', dtx: false }]
  });
  ```

> - Added support for TypeScript definitions for the public classes. TypeScript developers can now use these definitions in their TypeScript projects shown below. (JSDK-3007)

Reviewer: Should be part of 2.9.0.

> - Added support for TypeScript definitions for the public classes. TypeScript developers can now use these definitions in their TypeScript projects shown below. (JSDK-3007)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can now import type definitions for the SDK APIs to your project as shown below. (JSDK-3007)

  \`\`\`ts
  inport * as Video from 'twilio-video';
  \`\`\`
```
